Clean histories for successful and failed jobs separately (#462)
vshn/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/config-reference.adoc

`BACKUP_GLOBAL_CPU_LIMIT`:: set the CPU limit for scheduled jobs
`BACKUP_GLOBAL_CPU_REQUEST`:: set the CPU request for scheduled jobs
`BACKUP_GLOBALKEEPJOBS`:: set the number of old jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types

> `BACKUP_GLOBALFAILEDJOBSHISTORYLIMIT`:: set the number of old, failed jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types
> `BACKUP_GLOBALSUCCESSFULJOBSHISTORYLIMIT`:: set the number of old, successful jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BACKUP_GLOBAL_FAILED_JOBS_HISTORY_LIMIT`:: set the number of old, failed jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types
`BACKUP_GLOBAL_SUCCESSFUL_JOBS_HISTORY_LIMIT`:: set the number of old, successful jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types
```
